# Meeting Transcription

  Meeting started: 29/01/2026, 14:34:10
  Duration: 28 minutes
  Participants: James Phoenix, Rhys Fisher

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/JTXKAflO2XYdEMpnh3gS?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 00:48 Rhys Fisher: And it needs to be able to, I want like the vision is I'm gonna be eventually be just chatting to a telegram, but like initially, it's gonna be a tool I chat. I just chat to it using the flow whisper flow. and it translates those needs into like an understanding of like, Okay, is this like we're talking about an ingot and in-flight project Is this a new project and it like Understands the human messiness. It figures out with me what the end goal is.
> 01:20 Rhys Fisher: What skills are needed with? What tools in order to increase the likelihood of
> 01:57 Rhys Fisher: go and solve cancer or we want to go and make this happen. And so we, I want it to just connect to github in a way where we can, like, make use of our our
> 02:06 Rhys Fisher: skills and stuff that we have on that we've built up over time with with, like the easy ways to manage that and not share if we don't want to, but then the outcomes that we're creating go into a common github repo, so this becomes just like basically it becomes a we just like throw resources, which include
> 13:12 Rhys Fisher: Okay. Let me let me think about it. Yeah. Because I'm yeah, let me think about, I have some ideas but what's important
> 13:20 James Phoenix: I'll send you that I'll send, I'll send you the site. Like, they've got two. They're like a really successful business. I think they've got staff and everything like that, but the, the issue that I had was that, you know, I don't
> 13:32 James Phoenix: think they've got enough money to pay for me to be going in and like rewriting their core business engine without any equity. Like I'm basically taking all the risk and like it's a pretty difficult problem to solve and like what am I

  ## Transcript

  00:00 Rhys Fisher: Hello.
00:01 James Phoenix: Hey, mate again.
00:04 Rhys Fisher: Um, I've just started a new project. I'm f****** excited.
00:07 James Phoenix: Project.
00:09 Rhys Fisher: Yeah. Sorry. I'm actually gonna open source this. So, at some point I'm gonna loop you in and, but I just want to get the idea like Fully formed. So that's why I'm excited about this call. But basically,
00:27 James Phoenix: Hmm.
00:28 Rhys Fisher: I want to build. An AI, what I call it, I want to build it, the AI workforce manager, it's going to be be this. Basically, my point of contact for work. I want to force all work going forward all my consulting through this thing.
00:45 Rhys Fisher: Hi everyone, this is an automated message to let you know my Tactiq extension: https://tactiq.io/r/transcribing is transcribing this meeting for me so I can give my full attention to you.
00:48 Rhys Fisher: And it needs to be able to, I want like the vision is I'm gonna be eventually be just chatting to a telegram, but like initially, it's gonna be a tool I chat. I just chat to it using the flow whisper flow. and it translates those needs into like an understanding of like, Okay, is this like we're talking about an ingot and in-flight project Is this a new project and it like Understands the human messiness. It figures out with me what the end goal is.
01:20 Rhys Fisher: What skills are needed with? What tools in order to increase the likelihood of
01:25 Rhys Fisher: success on that journey and make the network? The first steps it spins up. Wiggum Loops To build those tools and I want to I want to get AI doing research to build the skills. so that when we go into it, and, and I want this to be something where The future of work. That the way I see it is we're going to have outcomes, some of those outcomes are going to be really personal some of them. You and I are going to want to share in common either because it's a client partner relationship or because you and I are like, Hey, we're making money. We want to
01:55 James Phoenix: Hmm.
01:57 Rhys Fisher: go and solve cancer or we want to go and make this happen. And so we, I want it to just connect to github in a way where we can, like, make use of our our
02:06 Rhys Fisher: skills and stuff that we have on that we've built up over time with with, like the easy ways to manage that and not share if we don't want to, but then the outcomes that we're creating go into a common github repo, so this becomes just like basically it becomes a we just like throw resources, which include
02:28 Rhys Fisher: Tokens skills. And scripts at problems and we just like align ourselves with the vision of what we think needs to happen. And then we just like let the tokens rip.
02:39 James Phoenix: Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I think that works for some description. I guess like the you're trying to build something that's general. But there's like, Oh my Claude that does that you seen that? They?
02:53 Rhys Fisher: It. Is that club? Oh my Claude.
02:55 James Phoenix: Yeah, they've liked built something like that. For Claude, where automatically generate the relevant skills? And that kind of stuff, so that kind of stuff already exists.
03:04 Rhys Fisher: Can you?
03:05 James Phoenix: where it's like, Yeah, I'll send it to you on discord so that stuff already exists.
03:12 Rhys Fisher: That cool.
03:13 James Phoenix: where it's basically like It just enhances Claude coach, right? So it just makes chord code capable of doing things like yeah, autopilot Ultra pilot swarm pipelines sequential chains. So it will make things like skills. I'm pretty sure. It's got like a bunch of agents and there's got like magic keywords, like, Ralph, heads up, display skill, learning. That sounds to me what you're kind of looking for.
03:45 Rhys Fisher: Entry. Yeah, I'm going to look into this because I might be just trying to. Yeah, I'm gonna look into this and figure out what
03:53 James Phoenix: because you might not need to build it if, you know, I mean, if it already
03:53 Rhys Fisher: Having start.
03:55 James Phoenix: exists Like the yeah, the other thing that I wanted to talk to you about that, I don't really see myself doing right now but basically like a client came to me with a really difficult problem. And basically their problem is like they they have a bunch of scraping bots. And they scour rentals real estate markets. And what they do is they like ping a notification to customers that subscribe to their service if they if they're interested. In like knowing about rental properties, and answer, like Netherlands and they asked me to redesign their whole system because they do it manually with scrapers. So like that was a lead that came in, I haven't followed up with them but having thought about it I was thinking about just basically building that entire system. And then I need a business guy to basically like At some point it could be this year or later this year. Basically, I just build that system and then we need someone to figure out how to market that and essentially what that all it does is it just scrapes sites every minute and it runs them through a deduplication pipeline for Properties. And then if it's if it's truly a new property, the customer gets an SMS alert, and then they pay like 15 quid a month to receive high alerts. And the business problem is like, you know, the first people that basically get the rentals like they, they're the most likely candidates like, actually get the the viewings and that kind of stuff.
05:35 James Phoenix: Um, but the problem with the business is It's got like low CAC, sorry like low, LTV because rentals is like a Chernobyl market. So the the business originally came to me, saying They've done Netherlands, but it's all like hand written scrapers and they want to like internationalize it. And they wanted me to build a system that uses AI to not only like find new sites and different countries.
05:59 James Phoenix: Like real estate listening sites. The scrape, the new countries but actually also to build the scrapers so that their self healing And essentially then like I just take I would have been rewriting their core business engine and just making it really efficient and also allowing them to like go into different regions. But like having think about the opportunity like, it's like I would have charged like 40 grand for that or 20, 30 Grand and I would have been rewriting their core business engine and they're probably doing like a million a year. So it's not really like ROI ways you as a contractor and it's quite difficult problem, so it might be worthless pairing on that if you're interested at some point.
06:39 Rhys Fisher: Yeah, what I will say Yeah, I'm excited by that, that's put me in when it makes sense to do anything. I'll mention is and the same thing I mentioned to Mike because like I got I got wound up that Mike was like micromanaging me doing stuff that was just destined to fail because ask rally just like Sucky like so many ways. And the moment. And and I and I didn't really have ammo to say, Mike, it's because the bit because you're trying to fit. Yeah, the products, right? And
07:06 James Phoenix: Product s***. Yeah.
07:08 Rhys Fisher: that's why it's not going to environ, He's like, No. If you go viral then I know what to build and it's better. And the moment the moment we party ways or like he, let me go. I built something in the first week of the year where whenever I go for a workout fitness or I spend a dollar on advertising. I get hundreds of thousands of impressions on Reddit every time So like I showed. So for me, I'm like I realized that I've got three years left
07:30 James Phoenix: Huh.
07:34 Rhys Fisher: before AGI creates this perfect underclass. Permanent under the class. So, I need, I need to escape. I need to escape that. And the only way to escape that is, if when these two thousand dollar a month model, start dropping that, I'm positioned to to really use them maximize them and I'm already starting to Let rip on the 200 bucks a month plans. But I want to build this engine that where I would hit that limit and I want to be in the machine. So I want to be really, really building which means that the projects I'm involved when we need to find a way where if I if if this needs a business angle like we need to figure out the gtm themselves but like we need to be thinking AI first. So that where you? It's not like me man doing the grunt work. That we've got like bots that are spinning up voices, using 11 labs and outreaching to LinkedIn people at scale like Oh like I wouldn't be building systems that scale. I'm no longer
08:29 James Phoenix: Okay.
08:30 Rhys Fisher: interested in projects where I'm not full-time 100 tech 12 hours a day building with AI. Basically. So as long as we're aligned with, as long as we're aligned with the work that I would be doing to move, that project along would be gtm, but through the lens of building, I'm already building these tools for people, someone's pulled me in to build like something that takes their great LinkedIn data.
08:53 Rhys Fisher: It would say, transcript for 30 seconds uses a trained voice and 11 labs of the founder to make them personalize outreach with a video component to it. So like
08:59 James Phoenix: Hmm.
09:04 Rhys Fisher: I'm already starting to build these things, but I want to align with people that I know can build. core like, You you're like one of the most haunted engineers where I know you can build stuff that would have a technological edge on the product end and I know I can build stuff that would have like an edge when it comes to like them out their sales and marketing gaining attention. Reaching out to people making them aware of what they need to be made aware of but I do not want to be doing manual grunt work like We're like an AI first company in every sense of the word. I'm like, fully game
09:29 James Phoenix: Okay. Yeah, I think yeah as long as you generate marketing and sales are only
09:33 Rhys Fisher: on.
09:37 James Phoenix: care how you do if it makes sense. Yeah, like I don't mind if it's automated or if it's like grunt work. But what I care about is just someone's take that aspect away from me. So I can focus on the deep tech side of it. But I don't think I'm gonna do that project until later on this year because I want to still do my own project but it's something that I could have like being built on the side and then once that project is stable enough and we've essentially so like I've essentially sold solved a large amount of the technical hurdles of discovering new sites, scraping sites reliably with proxies. Like once the infrastructure is sound and the pipeline set up, and then then I need someone to plug in and go, right. Like the product is there, but now it needs a front end to stand up. That's kind of where I could see me and you working on that, but the, but the mistake that this other company is made is they've obviously come from a traditional background and they are. They've got like 500 play right scripts and they're obviously got loads of that the major expense for that business, right? Is developers to Scripts. And essentially, I would have been going and there and going, well, actually, we don't need your development team anymore because we can make self-healing scraping architectures. That would essentially mean that the product has a really low overhead apart from proxy costs to run, which is, which is kind of more aligned of. Like, it's like an AI native way of doing what they were doing, right? So they started in 2020.
11:10 James Phoenix: but I think like that plus
11:11 Rhys Fisher: Mmm.
11:13 James Phoenix: Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking is and I can get my dad involved to help scope out that, but I really need someone. Like, I don't care if you're not doing any groundwork, I need someone to help me find rentals people that are in the rental market, right? That need that service in the UK.
11:31 Rhys Fisher: You know.
11:32 James Phoenix: Or like I mean, you need to start in one country. You wouldn't start in every country because obviously, you're like whatever country you start in, it doesn't really matter. But you you need to scour that rental market and you need to have like the ability for them to say what they want to find in what area I need to be scraping that area reliably like every minute or every half a minute so that you get the notifications faster than anyone else. And then that's what the customers are paying for, they're paying for the fast information so that they can get the rental. So they sign up like three months or something like that.
12:07 Rhys Fisher: Yeah, in in the Netherlands, people have a habit of going to this web. There's one website called Funder.com, but also like the local eBay. There's a local eBay, it's called Mark Platts. And like the and because the rental market so brutal, like, people are desperate, so, they, they get to a point where they just like trying these different different tools out, but they often start with Mark plats and then break off into while from the fingers, or
12:35 James Phoenix: Oh, basically the insight. I got from the founder is if you scrape the little real estate website listings, they're a little lot more easy to scrape. And they
12:43 Rhys Fisher: Hmm.
12:43 James Phoenix: often publish on those websites first, because they want to like boost their own like real estate listings and you don't have to go for the right move and zooplas to start with you go for like all the little niche sites across the countries and you scrape them repeatedly every minute to, and you're basically doing sort of, like, I guess it's like you, you're sort of doing a high frequency trading but specifically on that type of information for renters. But,
13:12 Rhys Fisher: Okay. Let me let me think about it. Yeah. Because I'm yeah, let me think about, I have some ideas but what's important
13:20 James Phoenix: I'll send you that I'll send, I'll send you the site. Like, they've got two. They're like a really successful business. I think they've got staff and everything like that, but the, the issue that I had was that, you know, I don't
13:32 James Phoenix: think they've got enough money to pay for me to be going in and like rewriting their core business engine without any equity. Like I'm basically taking all the risk and like it's a pretty difficult problem to solve and like what am I
13:44 James Phoenix: getting out that like 20 or 40k cash? And I'm on the hook for like fixing weird like edge case bugs so that was like, when I like really thought about it I was like I might as well build that from myself and own the problem because otherwise like I'm basically being a glorified contractor. And yeah, it's just not worth it. So even if they came back and said, Oh, we're interested, so I probably would just decline it at this point but the thing
14:11 Rhys Fisher: Yeah.
14:18 James Phoenix: Yeah, I think like, yeah, that, yes, anyway, there might be worthwhile pairing on that at some point because I need someone to help me on the other side. But we could talk about that. Like, you know, later on if you're if you're
14:25 Rhys Fisher: Mmm. Yeah.
14:28 James Phoenix: interested.
14:29 Rhys Fisher: Excited. I've always been excited to work with you James. So yeah, I'm
14:30 James Phoenix: Yeah.
14:36 Rhys Fisher: Just getting game on. We've got two, three years to escape the permanent on the class. Let's make it count.
14:40 James Phoenix: Yeah, so I've got some stuff. I've got to show you if Ralph and then I've got to go work on UDEMY because Mike, Swift tied up at the moment. So let me show you some stuff. I figured out which is rich is pretty fun. So I was, I've been
14:51 Rhys Fisher: Yeah.
14:56 James Phoenix: building this book on compound engineering or I call it, like, meta engineering, or whatever. And like, basically, I wanted to see, like if I could write a book from all my obsidian notes, because I've got like a lobs obsidian notes on like context engineering and like various thoughts that I've had across like, you know, like agent development and all that kind of stuff. So I was like, I really need to, like, take all these notes and put in a book, like, even if I don't make any money out there, I just want to see as a project, like how autonomous I can get the book Creation to be, so I decided to go with Lean Pub, which is
15:27 Rhys Fisher: Yep, and
15:32 James Phoenix: like, you can publish. Yeah, So Anyway, so I set up a roughly, but the way that I did, it was slightly different I actually gave Ralph. So if I show you the way that I do it, is I essentially if I go to the main loop, Um, So the main loop happens here, I track the iteration, I have a circuit breaker. So if we fail too many times we drop out, but the interesting thing is, like, I have a way of like compacting. So, like I have like a progress file of what happens when this reaches a certain amount of size, the next chord code code, compacts it. So I've like one place that like apart from git that like every like every agent knows about the progress. Like, I think that's one thing that's really useful and that's outside the PR days. And then inside the PR days I found that this is a like, like I had all my pries so it knows what to do, but I have separated PR days from tasks. So it has its own tasks or JSON, that has all the tasks that it can do. So Ralph actually would stop when it knows. It's truly done. And then so I have task management.
16:49 James Phoenix: I have. So tallest managers is one thing I track and compact the progress over time and that progress is also then added into the claude.nd file. So Claude knows about the progress, it's making in every single run If that makes sense. It's like that. Core progress.txt is injected into the app and therefore that's why compact it over time. So that like I'm sort of like I have almost episodic memory, that's being recorded.
17:19 James Phoenix: Make sense. So that's the episodic memory kind of side of it. And then I've got, I've came up with that, You need task management because if you don't have task management, the PR days, like it doesn't really ever know if it's really done or not. So task management is one thing. And then I added that in clawed, IMDb, like, how to, like, how to do tasks, you know, like that kind of stuff like, how to add tasks, delete tasks, that kind of stuff. And then the next thing that I worked out with is um like it basically works out. Should it run and review cycle in this point in time so like every 20 or so things it will run, but then I've built like an adaptive system. So the way I always describing on growth engineers is like Imagine every time you run reviews on your work, you essentially want something that looks like this. Wait, like you get less and less issues in whatever it is.
18:15 James Phoenix: So like over time like if the review agents reviewer, every ten iterations of Ralph, you should get less issues that are like new issues that are being populated, right? Because you're kind of recursing closer to like what? Like what the true thing is. So, each review agent cycle can also add tasks. So, so like the review, agent cycles happen, every ten iterations of Ralph, they add new issues, but then as the new issues go down, you slowly have a conversions problem. Where like how do you know when to stop issuing new review agents? Every ten iterations.
18:49 James Phoenix: So then it works out. Should it review? And then I have another agent that also picks this up and then looks of the active task list and reprioritises tasks based on the score. So there's everything is scored and then it's re-ranked in real time and then Ralph will be reprioritizing, specifically, what is the next task to do by another task agent? That's looking at like the progress file of what's happened? So I have like a mixture of different agents doing things.
19:18 James Phoenix: Like, I've got some for reviews which are using, like, the chord agents specifically like looking for write it like AI slot agent O'Reilly like an O'Reilly review critic and and that happens. And then I have a bunch of other and then have a task management agent that also reparations reprioritis is tasks on score. And then and then I've got the main kind of executor loop that that's kind of running through the tasks, one by one. That's kind of the system. I've conversion. Which just be f****** nuts.
19:52 Rhys Fisher: This. I love it. James. That's really, really cool. I know you got to go but like the point of the call was just that I get a for the what's the difference between a
19:59 James Phoenix: Yeah.
20:01 Rhys Fisher: good skill and a basket? What have you learned on how? Because I've not used jumped on the skills bandwagon yet. I used a few of them but like Getting now I to just like write me the skill.
20:12 James Phoenix: So, the best, the best like thing for skills is like, I'll give you a good example in my scenario. So, in my scenario, I know that I need to like, do an epub review of the book and I know I need to be able to, like, run the exercises and to see if the exercises like actually run, like, because those two things, like not, not like, I really need to ensure that like every piece of typescript code in the book is executable and runs to completion. And I also need to know that the book itself, specifically looks good and there's no overflow issues.
20:45 James Phoenix: There's no CSS issues. And so I have custom scripts specifically for ePub review, which uses Gemini vision to analyze each individual page of the book. And then I also have like a run exercise that will run like, every single typescript like piece of code and every shell script piece of code in the book and it will cash that into a JSON file and it won't run it again. If the, if the if the Of that.
21:13 James Phoenix: Of that exercise block or the hash of that code hasn't changed. So then I well then I can just create a like a five new tasks in Ralph and say like check all of the exercises and then
21:26 Rhys Fisher: But would you just because you're moving quite quickly start from the basic? At what point do you know, this is something where the payoff is worth building a skill for what's to help just what we
21:38 James Phoenix: Yeah. So I think like if you have a custom piece of infrastructure where you need to do a task and you don't want to stick all of that in the chord to MD file in the root. So think of it like as an ad hoc thing. So I don't need to constantly know about how to run all the exercises and therefore like storing. All of that in the claw.d file will be context. Blow and the same is true for like Epub review, but I do need to know. Like, when I add a new task into Ralph being like, Can you review the epub like status? Like I need it to have an effective way of doing that, right? Rather than just a genetically doing that runtime and just deciding whatever to do. So I have a specific typescript script that runs for the Epub review step, right? So like that is the infrastructure that I've defined this useful. So I've got like a lean pub one here and you've got like an exercise validator, for example, to validate exercises, and it creates a hash of each individual file or, or chunk of code. And then it will, you know, The results and that's got its own CLI. That the agent can use
22:44 Rhys Fisher: so then you've decided you're going to build a skill and you're like, Okay this
22:47 James Phoenix: Yeah.
22:47 Rhys Fisher: what how do you define Like what? How do you go?
22:54 James Phoenix: I've just done the skills page in Man, just go to Extend Club with Kills, Go Copy page and then dump that in, and get called to write the skill, right? So
23:02 Rhys Fisher: I'm
23:02 James Phoenix: don't write the skill yourself, just get called to write the skill for itself and then the key is that, like you want custom scripts to, specifically know, like like and then you teach Claude how to use those scripts. So you can see that it's using this script here and it's in It's got things for like Screenshots only or rebuild the epub book first. So like like Lord, then knows exactly what scripts to call and why to call those grips, which allows you to, then have more control all over the trajectory of what the agent is going to do, when it calls that skill and gets that context for that skill. So the idea is that you're kind of making more deterministic past for the agent trajectory, because you're dynamically loading like a clawed MD, that is an instruction set,
23:41 Rhys Fisher: Yeah.
23:46 James Phoenix: specifically, say for these types of tasks, you must run these files or these, all these commands and you must run them.
23:52 Rhys Fisher: Yeah.
23:53 James Phoenix: Of this, right?
23:55 Rhys Fisher: Beautiful, beautiful. Thank you so much, James. Super helpful that exciting,
23:57 James Phoenix: Yeah. That's all right.
24:01 Rhys Fisher: man. And and yeah.
24:02 James Phoenix: How's how you doing you? Okay.
24:05 Rhys Fisher: Yeah, man. Like I close some consulting off the tail end of launching Fizz. So it's funny. I built a tool that like basically, I every time I go and do fitness, I gain state game cloud and and promote my s***, okay? So it's like a motivated to go out for a run every now and
24:23 James Phoenix: That's so funny. That's hilarious.
24:25 Rhys Fisher: and then, and then, Oh my God, the Redditors I generate like 250 261k impressions and like 500 clicks to the website the other day with a Like I made a dancing video of this girl, one like the SF Beach. And and then the title was something along the lines of This is my friend, She doesn't even dance weddings. And now she's posting this into the group like all non-china. Like Oh this is so embarrassing. I need you guys to help me prove that she's AI and honestly it blew up, They know. So you ready to love the like
24:56 James Phoenix: That's great, that's really funny. Oh, what? What I learned, recently. I've sort
25:00 Rhys Fisher: micro analyze these videos. So I've just like spamming this group of like a remix of that same idea like and they f****** eat it up.
25:12 James Phoenix: of, I've worked out like the whole Ralph system, and I've worked out like the components of that. And then I'm gonna use that to build my own custom workers like longer term. So I'll use Agent SDK, which is essentially what the same thing that you can do in shell script. But you can use a typescript or a Python package to do, like your own stuff with Claude. And then at the moment, I'm building, like my own task, task management system and in just in typescript as a CLI because I've wrote I've worked out. You must have a task management system. If you want to do graph properly, you cannot rely on PRD mark down files. It's just it's just like How do you know when you stopped, right? Because you don't want to run Ralph indefinitely like you want to stopping criteria and then the other thing I've worked out recently which I found really interesting and I was talking to my dad about this because Talking about, like, What's the difference between a PRD and a design doc? And I've come up with this as a system that I think works really, really well for Ralph, which it, or like longer running agents. Like Forget about Ralph, like, you think it's like a longer running agents problem. So, essentially like but when you start the project, just you create the relevant like you create the relevant agents.
26:31 James Phoenix: Like that, you need for your project, you create a clauda, MD file and you like, put anything in there and then you specifically in the docs you make PR days, which is what should happen and what not how but what right, this is what it will do. And then you make a corresponding design doc to say how you will do it. So you have and then here's the kicker, you link them all up in an index. So so the whole system is essentially just prds and design docs that are hierarchically linked via links. And then that then feeds into the task management system that then generates all the tasks in the task management system from the PRD, to the design dock to the tasks to the code. And so essentially like I've worked out build out. Don't build one, PR D, build out, all of the PR days, like, literally filled out like the whole app in PR days and design docs and then go to Task Management. Basically.
27:37 Rhys Fisher: Beautiful. Oh, so good. So good. Mate. That's like f******
27:40 James Phoenix: Um, yeah. Yeah. So that's like my other learning view is like, Don't just build out one P audio at a time. Like if you got the fully fledged idea, just just get it. Spelled out all of them. I think there is something to be said, by having a different PRD than a design dot, because a design doctor shows, how and the architecture was the PID is specifically saying, What will the app do like like a user can like, create a, like a tiktok video and on Strava, and they can log into Strava, and they can post, and it will have subtitles. Like, that is a PRD.
28:14 James Phoenix: But the design dock is like, How do you actually do that? How do you store in the database? And so having that clean separation of concerns, I think is really, really good because you can change the design dot, but the PRD stays exactly the same in terms of its original intent, right? Like, I'm still gonna log easier into Strava and I'm still gonna like Do this s*** but like the design itself then becomes its own thing that can like be manipulated as a substrate.
28:39 James Phoenix: yeah, so it's like you could rechange the architecture, but the intent of what you're trying to build is still inherently set in stone inside the PRD, um, so that
28:49 Rhys Fisher: Mmm. That's like, that's so good.
28:51 James Phoenix: Yeah. Anyways. Yeah. I've watched off of you because yeah, you're into that so yeah. Hey.
  